don't you ever
besmirch billy
[Music]
i can't stop i can't stop i can't i
guess
robin
i am starlight i'm 110 pounds and i'm
five foot six
turn around please
[Music]
i am so sorry are you all right
i mean why would you get into this
business if not to save the world
that's all i have ever wanted
i got it you got it
are all these people here for me oh
honey
who else would they be here for
including the jewel
in vos crown the greatest superhero team
the world's ever seen we are bought
please welcome starlight
you don't sound like a fed well i can't
emigrate lose hundreds of people each
year
see collateral damage this is the only
place where the soups can scratch that
filthy little edge without the paps
taking snaps
i ran so fast through this [ __ ] that
had swallowed one of her molars
like a bug on the [ __ ] freeway you're
laughing
what can i do to help here's what you do
ringboard tell them you take the money
sign the nda but only
if they change their in person when you
if i could just get
an apology face to face that would be
fantastic
[Music]
and they'll take you into the second
tower through security
they appreciate the apology and then
you're going to plant a bug
a bug a bug and want a little listen
[Music]
see what's really going on
you think i wouldn't find this thing
earth's most mighty champions of the
innocent
[ __ ]
who are you [ __ ] spy
for who huh
carbon highly conductive
saw it on uh jimmy fallon
there's still well senator tomorrow
morning
no one's putting soups in the national
defense my heroes are the most
loyal patriotic unless you did they're
your heroes
these are fake i'm sorry they're
authentic
i should know i was there
you shivered when you orgasm sir even if
i get the bill out of committee
nobody's gonna vote for it on the floor
no one wants your [ __ ] supes in the
army
this is just your shell that is out
there like a turtle
but your insides they're like the rest
of ours what did you
do to me he stuck a lump of plastic up
your bum
that's homelander oh my just here
oh [ __ ] oh [ __ ]
get the [ __ ] back in that cage
oh hell no she's home
that's popcorn right adrian's girlfriend
what if i lose
you're not gonna lose you're the fastest
man alive
if i don't win i'm out nobody wants the
second fastest man in the seven
compound v where'd you put it oh you
sure babe i mean
that stuff you have something
fierce you ran through a girl baby it's
not
what i would call control on that shit's
a slippery slope
what the hell is compound v sounds like
some kind of performance enhancer
steroids for soups yeah well whatever it
was he was juiced on it when he murdered
rob
we're gonna help you sort out this
little mess you know what you gotta do
is tell us everything you know
about this
jesus christ is that translucent i still
think we got nothing to worry about
whoever it was they just declared war
[Music]
oh
[ __ ] you let's go let's go huge come on
seven minutes ago trans oceanic flight
37 from paris to chicago
was hijacked mid-air you bring those
passengers back alive
not one congressman will have the balls
to vote against our bill
no what so they could tell the world
that we left the rest of them to [ __ ]
die
don't die with them
to wash up on shore every passenger on
board
presumed dead said they didn't have to
die
we arrived three minutes after the plane
went down
but if they let us into the military
then this will never happen again
you have to complain with me like i have
to know who you told about compounds
guys you were running the v down near
the noodle palace
what do you want you want a little bit
of money are you here for money
you ship boxes label this polio vaccine
but they're not really polio vaccine are
they
they're compounded so what they do is
they take boxes full of that stuff
and they ship it to hospitals all across
the country and apparently the latest
one
is going to the nicu at mercer hospital
i'm burned what
[ __ ] frenchy how i don't know
oh my god
jesus my girlfriend died
what happened not too long ago and i
came here
looking for a way to get out of the [ __ ]
that i'm in right now
all right
[Music]
so no hero was born none of them
we got vote for child endangerment drug
trafficking
and possibly the largest fraud an
american [ __ ] history
to make a public apology and you're
going to be taking a sabbatical from the
seven
you're dating the terrorists wait why
would voc give compound b to terrorists
because the only thing more dangerous
than the terrorists is the soup
terrorist
and the only way to fight it the [ __ ]
are creating super villains
and maybe there's more of them god knows
how many
it killed her parents they kidnapped her
and her brother
she just wants to go back and get her
brother out of there
her name is kamiko a train said that you
have some information
skinny white guy british guy
boy gorgeous merry christmas
becca new senior director
you would you take over that's twitter
account your brilliant wife here
did all the work
also one of the guys who killed
translucent wait
what i mean the seven is down by two and
then it all started when you came along
this was a few days after you met
homelander at that christmas party she
was alone with him for three hours
not long after that rebecca went missing
and has remained so ever since
my name is mallory
i'm the person who can get you payback
you want to know about rebecca butcher
you went to stillwell about her because
you knew that'd tip over the first
domino
well it led to me eight years ago
stillwell called me with quite an
interesting challenge
she was pregnant with your child
we told her we'd deliver the baby safely
at a secure location
but she had to sign an nda couldn't tell
anyone
she died on the tables drowned in its
mother's blood
you should have been raised in a home
with a family who loved you
not in a cold lab with doctors i'm the
world's
greatest superhero you're my greatest
failure
hey [ __ ]
we believe it's his soup name
they have a soup terrorist captain
found this
but they've counterfeited this compound
v [ __ ] of yours matters is they've got
it
and there's only one company that has
the product
to fight back
look at humankind
run
a suit terrorist showing up exactly
when we needed him to was pretty [ __ ]
incredible coincidence
made him breaking into my home and
threatening my child
is gonna get you homelander always yes
i've been searching for her gun's
weakness
you're his weakness
face the wall
uh
i i think he's having a heart attack
huey
go or else you'll get caught will you
please
take the baby upstairs oh because of
your lovely wife
no more lies you [ __ ] promised me
what i said i'm scared
of of you
you can thank me for uh saving you
sometime later but for now
you know who else rebecca i'm your
father
we are a family
you